README.md, before:

# typescript-npm-package-boilerplate

![Workflow](https://github.com/paxa1887/typescript-npm-package-boilerplate/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/paxa1887/typescript-npm-package-boilerplate/graph/badge.svg?token=5GMOQM4EZP)](https://codecov.io/gh/paxa1887/typescript-npm-package-boilerplate)

The typescript-npm-package-boilerplate is a comprehensive and well-structured starting point for creating TypeScript-based npm packages. This boilerplate provides a foundation for building high-quality, maintainable, and easy-to-use npm packages using the TypeScript programming language.

# Key Features:

## TypeScript Integration

The boilerplate is configured to fully support TypeScript, enabling you to write type-safe code and take advantage of TypeScript's powerful features.

## Project Structure

The project structure is organized to promote modularity and separation of concerns. It includes directories for source code (src), built output (dist), and unit tests (test), among others.

## Testing Support

The boilerplate includes a testing framework Jest and a pre-configured testing setup. This encourages you to write tests for your code, ensuring its correctness and maintaining reliability.

## Versioning and Changelog

The boilerplate includes a versioning system and a changelog template. This helps you keep track of changes and provide transparent communication to your users about updates.

## Linting and Formatting

Code quality is maintained through linting and code formatting configurations, ensuring consistency and adherence to coding standards.

## Publishing Workflow

The boilerplate includes scripts and configuration for packaging and publishing your npm package to the npm registry. This simplifies the process of making your package available to others.

## CI/CD Integration

Integration with Github Action to automate the build and run tests.

Commit message:

Added README.md, tests, isValidNumber function

README.md, after:

# ts-is-number

![Workflow](https://github.com/paxa1887/typescript-npm-package-boilerplate/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/paxa1887/typescript-npm-package-boilerplate/graph/badge.svg?token=5GMOQM4EZP)](https://codecov.io/gh/paxa1887/typescript-npm-package-boilerplate)

The ts-is-number a utility npm package that checks if a given input is a valid finite number or a string that can be converted to a valid finite number.

# Usage:

Here's how you can import and use the isValidNumber function in your TypeScript or JavaScript project:

```JavaScript
import isValidNumber from 'is-valid-number';
console.log(isValidNumber(123));
```

# Overview

## Method:

isValidNumber(num: string | number | boolean | object | null | undefined): boolean

### Parameters

- `num`: The input parameter which can be a string, number, boolean, object, null, or undefined.

### Returns

Returns true if the input is a valid finite number or a string that can successfully be converted to a valid finite number, otherwise returns false.

### Examples

```JavaScript
console.log(isValidNumber(123)); // returns true
console.log(isValidNumber('123')); // returns true
console.log(isValidNumber('123a')); // returns false
console.log(isValidNumber(NaN)); // returns false
console.log(isValidNumber(undefined)); // returns false
```
